As an activity, and you're going to be,
you're going to play a really active role
in this one.
So, the first thing, first thing first,
I'm going to say a phrase, and you're
going to choose from the images, vas a
elegir de las imágenes, vas a decir qué
letra pertenece, o qué flag, qué bandera,
flag, pertenece a la frase que yo voy a decir.
Okay?
So, listen carefully.
I'm Colombian.
Okay, pretty good, pretty good.
Number two.
I'm Caribbean.
I'm Peribian.
Nice, now.
Number three.
I'm Ecuadorian.
Excellent.
And number four.
I'm Venezuelan.
Pretty good, pretty good.
How many did you get right?
¿Cuántas sacaste bien?
I hope all of them.
Espero que hayas sido todas.
Now, number two.
This phrase is, this phrase is, we have
erased them in past lessons.
Esas frases ya las vimos en lesiones pasadas.
What we're going to do now is we're going
to have a live conversation together.
Vamos a tener una conversación aquí juntos.
¿Listo?
So, you will read, and I will wait for
you, and I'll tell you and ask for you.
Okay?
Ahí te va a aparecer también lo que tú
vas a tener que leer y también lo que yo
voy a estar diciendo.
So, let's get started.
This one.
Tú comienzas.
From a big city, Sydney.
You?
Where are you from?
Pretty good.
Excellent, excellent.
Nice, nice.
So, remember, all of this, en la mayoría
te va a tocar a ti hablar más porque eres
el que necesita practicar mucho más.
So, if you need to do this again, if you
need to practice a little bit more, si
necesitas practicar un poco más,
solamente devuélvelo e inicia de nuevo.
¿Listo?
Hazlo otra vez.
Tantas veces como necesites hasta que te
sientas cómodo o cómoda.
Pretty good.
And now, listen to this audio and write
in the chat box what they say.
Hey, escucha el audio y escriba en el
chat box qué están diciendo ellos.
Me too, so we are neighbors.
So, remember, remember that you are doing
a big and amazing progress.
Estás haciendo un progreso muy, muy bueno
y demasiado sorprendente.
So, congratulations, felicitaciones, and
I'll see you in the next class.
Bye -bye.